d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\ProjetoBase.dll.config
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\ProjetoBase.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\ProjetoBase.pdb
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\obj\Debug\ProjetoBase.dll
d:\users\jefferson.maia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\obj\Debug\ProjetoBase.pdb
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\ProjetoBase.Domain.dll
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\ProjetoBase.Domain.pdb
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\obj\Debug\ProjetoBase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\obj\Debug\ProjetoBase.Migrations.v1.resources
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\obj\Debug\ProjetoBase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Unity.Container.dll
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
D:\Users\jefferson.maia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoBase\ProjetoBase\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
